This is Luo Delay's man.
Then you tell Longyanchi
Take care of his people
Don't let these dogs look down on people
Let the people of the whole country think that I am under the Phoenix Hall
They're all bullying dogs
These two are open.
Yes
You two are fired
Get out of here before I see you again
Oops, oops, Lord Suzaku, oops.
My wife just got pregnant
Our whole family depends on me to make money.
Hey, Lord Suzaku is not leaving yet
Zhan Huang wants to avoid this from happening again
Why don't we stay with you?
You accompany
The goal is too obvious
By the way, how was the thing I asked you to do?
It has been arranged.
I believe Miss Shi
I will definitely like your gift.
Let's go.
Pick up An An and go home